these are my blueberry muffins
hmm My Favorite Muffin to a large mixing
bowl add grated lemon zest a milk of
choice we're using soy milk sugar a
neutral vegetable oil and vanilla
extract we squel until the ingredients
are well combined now sifting the flour
with baking powder and a pinch of salt
this is going to make your muffin soft
and fluffy whisk wet and dry ingredients
for a short minute until lumps are gone
but without over mixing rinse the
blueberries shake the water off then add
them to a bowl toss them with a
cornstarch and add them to the batter
stir and fold the blueberries in the
mixture gently transfer the batter to
the muffin liners you should be able to
make 12 muffins you can fill them almost
to the top then you can sprinkle some
sugar on top or not we're not going to
do it because we eat them for breakfast
then baking a preheated oven for 22 and
a half minutes or until a toothpick
inserted in the center comes out dry now
let them cool down for about 30 minutes
easy right